Previously on
Dexter: Original Sin...
- No. No, no!
- [blade slashes]
Now, the department needs an
informant who can gain insight
into the Estrada organization.
[Harry]
Laura Moser.
I kept you out of jail.
Got you home to your kids.
My son, Brian,
and this little angel is Dexter.
[Harry]
You're my C.I. and I'm married.
We've almost gathered enough
evidence to put Estrada away.
We just need you
to get a meeting with him.
Would you like
to meet your daughter?
Harry, you're a father again.
You need to end it.
You can't see her anymore.
[Tiffany] Hey, ladies.
My mom got it for me last week.
First one off the lot.
[Sofia] Hurry up. We don't
want to wake Tiffany.
[Deb] No beauty sleep
for Tiff tonight.
[laughter]
[Deb]
Going on double dates together,
my brother and my bestie.
[Dexter]
Turns out dating was fun.
Hey, Sarge, have you heard
about Judge Powell's kid?
[screaming]
[Tanya] Jimmy Powell's killing
appears professional.
Cause of death, ice pick
to the back of the head.
We've got a terrified public
out there
and I need to tell Judge Powell
and his wife something.
- Aaron.
- Becca?
- I'm a little busy.
- [Becca] Too busy for your son?
- That's not fair.
- Nelson's been to see--
Don't say that prick's name
to me.
- He's my fiancé.
- He's a fucking homewrecker.
- [screaming]
- Come here.
- Thank God you're okay.
- [crying] Find him. Please.
My son got snatched from me,
from everything that he knows.
And he is out there somewhere,
scared shitless,
and that's killing me.
[Dexter] So many killers
still on the street.
Levi Reed deserved to die.
Yeah, he shot the parents
point blank,
and the little girl in the back
as she ran for the stairs.
[Dexter]
I had prepared
and nothing
was gonna get in my--
- [drink spilling]
- Clark.
Hey, Officer Sanders.
I was just...
out with some friends.
- Hey, gorgeous.
- Oh.
Why did you kill them?
I wanted to see them
beg for their lives.
[Dexter]
My dad gave me a Code.
I only kill the ones
who deserve it.
[grunts]
You deserve it. [sharp inhale]
[blade squishes]
[Dexter]
Former home invasion killer,
- soon to be alligator food.
- [siren whoops]
I've got a body
in the back of the truck.
There's cops everywhere.
♪ dramatic music ♪
What could be worse?
♪ percussive music ♪
♪
[mosquito buzzing]
[knife sharpening]
♪
♪ tense music ♪
Sir, I'm gonna need you
to turn around.
This is an active crime scene.
[Dexter]
In that split second,
I decided the best thing
I could do was...
act like I belonged.
I'm with Forensics.
Why else would I be here?
But working a crime scene
at my victim dumping grounds,
with Levi Reed's body
in the back of my truck...
was basically
asking to get caught.
I wondered if I'd get life
in prison or the electric chair.
I could never decide which
was the lesser of two evils.
[distorted knocking on glass]
You rubbing one out in there?
[Vince laughing]
Thought I was flying solo
tonight.
Let's go, minion.
I got tons for you to do.
[Dexter] The one thing
I could decide, my last meal.
A porterhouse steak. Blood rare.
And a milkshake. Chocolate.
Make that two milkshakes.
[Jablonski]
Watch your step.
Got active gators
all over the area.
♪ jarring music ♪
♪
- No, no!
- [blade slashes]
[Maria]
Morgan.
Thanks for joining us.
Happy to lend a hand.
Oh, I get it. Hand.
[laughs] Good one.
Those fingers aren't
gonna print themselves.
Uh, I don't know.
Prints feel unlikely considering
the waterlogged,
partially decayed fingers.
Pop quiz. Who's in charge
when Tanya's not here?
Me. So just do it.
[Dexter]
They were intact enough
to produce at least
partial prints.
And Ferrer's prints
could lead Homicide to me.
[hissing, growling]
[camera shutter clicking]
Those prehistoric monsters
didn't care who Tony Ferrer was,
they just needed to feed.
Was I any different?
[growling]
[speaking inaudibly]
[low growling]
[whispers] Bon appétit.
No other body parts?
Nope. We did a full sweep, but--
- [water splashing]
- [Dexter exclaims]
- [panting]
- [alligator hisses]
Morgan!
[Vince]
What happened?
[panting]
Alligator came out of nowhere.
I'm lucky I got
out of the way in time, but...
it took the arm.
- Swam off.
- [growling]
How the hell
could you let this happen?
He could've died, Detective.
[sighs]
Well...
What next?
No evidence to book.
Who's in the mood
for Moons Over My Hammy?
[sighs]
You hungry?
No, thanks. I'm good.
[Dexter] As much as
I would've loved to eat,
I still had garbage to take out.
♪ whimsical music ♪
♪
[Dexter grunting]
[panting]
- [banging loudly]
- [pager beeping]
Not now, Sofia.
[grunts]
- [panting]
- [flies buzzing]
[liquid squishing]
[groans]
[truck beeping]
[metallic squealing]
[brakes hiss]
Good riddance, Levi Reed.
[splats]
[engine starts]
[Dexter]
Three hours from now,
his body would be lost
in a sea of trash.
Right where it belonged.
[grunting quietly]
♪ eerie music ♪
♪
[scraping]
♪ lighthearted music ♪
♪
[door closes]
[slurps]
Ugh. The fuck is that smell?
Mystery solved.
I don't know what's nastier.
How much you reek
or that you can eat right now.
It's spaghetti.
The fuck happened to you?
Oh. Some crime scene
out in the Everglades.
It was super dark
and I fell into a swamp.
A swamp? What swamp smells
like a hobo's asshole?
Hey, any idea why Sofia keeps
sending me these random numbers?
Duh.
It's beeper code, dumbass. Here.
Give me your pager.
Okay. 1-2-3 means "I miss you."
2-1-3 means "Do you miss me?"
And the latest,
220 means
"Why haven't you called?"
Wait, why haven't you called?
Didn't know I was supposed to.
Of course you're supposed to.
You're her fucking boyfriend.
When was the last time
you talked to her?
Not since our double date.
You haven't called her
since she blew you?
Jesus, you're even dumber
than I thought.
Morning, Seminole.
Wait, it's official?
No. Dad's just overeager,
but things are looking
pretty good for my scholarship.
Full ride. That's my girl.
Nothing's a lock yet.
They still want to see me
in the playoffs.
Shouldn't be a problem.
You kill under pressure.
[Dexter]
We had that in common.
[pager beeps]
What does 9-9-2-2 mean?
Ugh, I got to get away from you
before I blow chunks.
9-9-2-2 means "I don't care!"
[sniffing]
Ugh!
God, I thought
your sister forgot
to take the garbage out again.
Long story.
All right,
let's get some fresh air.
You can tell me all about it.
All right. So you faked
an alligator attack to get rid
of Tony Ferrer's arm,
but the reason you were there
in the first place was
to dump Levi Reed's body?
More or less...
Mainly more.
You had a dead body
in the back of that truck
and you were surrounded
by Homicide detectives?
Yeah. But it's not
like anybody knew.
Oh, oh. Jesus.
What if somebody needed
to load equipment
into the back of the truck?
Or-or Masuka asked for a ride?
You could've been caught.
Please...
don't tell me Levi's body is
still in the truck.
He'll be buried
in a landfill by now.
[huffs] All right, well,
that explains the smell.
- Yeah.
- [exhales deeply]
You dodged a bullet this time.
Your goal should be
to not get shot at
in the first place.
I'll do better.
Promise.
All right. Go shower.
Burn those clothes
and, uh, I'll see you at work.
♪ gentle music ♪
[door closes]
[sighs]
[exhales]
[engine idling]
[Dexter]
Harry was right.
No victim dumping ground
meant no killing.
And no killing was...
no good.
[tires screech]
♪ whimsical music ♪
Why haven't you been
answering any of my pages?
Do you think you can just
hook up with me and not call?
No. That isn't...
[stammers]
I was working a crime scene.
- All night.
- Oh.
Now I feel kind of dumb.
Was it a...
murder?
Yeah.
At Alligator Alley.
I almost got eaten by one, too.
Oh, my God.
I'm so glad that you're okay.
- You poor baby.
- Yeah.
What's this?
You probably shouldn't
touch that.
Is this why you've been
ignoring me?
Because you're cheating on me?
Uh, it must've gotten
stuck to my shoe at, uh...
...the crime scene.
At the swamp? God!
I can't believe you had me
feeling sorry for you.
Dickhead!
[tires screech]
[Dexter]
It was fun while it lasted.
But I had more important things
on my to-do list
than memorize beeper codes.
♪
What the fuck, Sofia?
♪ slow, dramatic music ♪
[Dexter]
A room full of Miami's finest.
I needed to come up
with a dumping ground
they'd never find.
Somehow.
Hey.
- Bobby, Angel.
- [Bobby] Yeah.
Fill the team in on what
we talked about this morning.
Listen up!
Regarding the murder
of Jimmy Powell
and the kidnapping
of Nicky Spencer,
we're pursuing every avenue to
find the Los Tigres safe house.
Pulling in
all of our informants.
Knocking down doors to see
if anyone's willing to talk.
[Bobby] The next step is
liaising with the D.A.'s office
to negotiate reduced sentences
for incarcerated cartel members
who are willing to give up
any information.
It's been four days
since Nicky was taken.
It's the same amount
of time between
when Jimmy Powell went missing
and his finger showed up.
Every second counts.
God only knows
what Nicky's going through.
We've had 24-hour surveillance
on Becca's house.
And me and Bobby, we're gonna
relieve Franklin and Muszynski.
Yeah, we think that it's
important we're there when...
well, in case anything shows up.
Great. Thanks, guys.
I'm counting on you to really
make something happen
out of this shit show.
So, where are we at with the arm
that was found
at Alligator Alley?
- The John Doe.
- Nowhere.
We weren't able to get
any fingerprints
before the evidence
was... eaten.
My bad.
That is a hell of a way
to lose evidence.
Okay... let's get it done.
Excuse me.
- What about my cases?
- What about them?
I think we're dealing
with a serial killer.
My office. You, too.
♪ "Orange Crush" by R.E.M. ♪
♪ Follow me, don't follow me ♪
♪ I've got my spine ♪
♪ I've got my orange crush... ♪
Hey!
What was with you
ditching me this morning?
I had to hitchhike.
Some old creep made me
listen to Steely Dan.
Shit.
What's wrong?
- Dexter's cheating on me. [sobs]
- Dexter?
My brother Dexter?
It's not funny.
I found a condom wrapper
in his truck.
[scoffs]
So?
What do you mean "so"?
How could it have been there
if he wasn't fucking some skank?
I don't know.
He probably got bored
and wanted to make
some balloon animals.
Sof. You got to trust me.
Dexter wouldn't cheat, okay?
He's not a player.
I literally had to convince him
to go out with you.
Excuse me?
Fuck. That's not what I meant.
I'm just saying, he's a fucking
dweeb when it comes to girls.
So I had to, I don't know,
like... nudge him a bit.
But he likes you, I swear.
I can't believe you're taking
his side over mine.
I can't take your side
all the time.
He's my brother.
[sniffles]
Fucking shit.
♪ gentle music ♪
Hey, Dexter.
- Got a minute?
- Sure.
I, um...
I just wanted to talk to you
about last night.
Outside the bar.
So, um,
nobody here really knows.
Oh. Right. Well...
No big deal. That's cool.
Yeah. Tell that to my parents.
That bad, huh?
I mean, um...
That's why I moved to Miami.
I get to be myself here.
Well, except
when you're at work.
True.
Look, I-I've learned
that it's better
to keep those two sides
of myself separate.
But at least I don't have
to choose between them.
Your secret's safe with me.
Thanks, man.
You're shitting me.
A serial killer?
No one is shitting you, Captain.
The last three--
Do you have anything
that resembles evidence?
An M.O.? A pattern of killing?
Anything at all that--
Okay, if you would let me speak,
I will tell you.
The last three NHI murders--
as you call them--
have striking similarities.
All the victims come
from high-risk populations.
All loners.
Nothing was taken from them,
so robbery isn't a motive.
As I understand it,
each one of these vics
was killed in a different way.
That doesn't say
one killer to me.
That's because the killer's
methods are escalating.
He's-he's experimenting.
He's becoming more violent.
He's figuring out what he finds
most pleasurable.
[Spencer]
You haven't said much.
What do you think?
I think she's on
to something, Aaron.
I think it's worth pursuing.
I look forward to being amazed.
[door opens, closes]
He's got a real talent
at making "yes"
feel like "fuck you."
He's got a lot on his plate.
LaGuerta...
Don't worry. We got this.
♪ slow, contemplative music ♪
♪
It's gonna be all right.
You just have to trust me.
It's been almost a year now.
When is it gonna end?
It's a fucking miracle
I have made it this far.
As soon as we get Estrada
on the wire
talking about his operation,
you're out.
I promise. I promise.
What if I just say no?
What if I walk away?
[sighs]
You know what happens.
You'll go to jail, and they'll
put the boys in foster care.
I guess that's it then.
You should probably get home,
to your family.
Daddy.
No, that's not your Daddy, baby.
Say goodbye to Mr. Morgan.
♪ ominous music ♪
♪
[door slams]
♪ somber music ♪
♪
[Harry grunts softly]
[Harry sighs]
[baby Deb fussing]
Mm.
Didn't expect you home so early.
I meant it when I said
it was over.
[sighs]
Do you want to know
how it happened?
I don't.
I think we should talk about it.
- I think you need to hear it.
- No, Harry,
that's what you need.
If we're gonna stay together
as a family,
we have to find a way
through this and love each other
because I still love you.
♪ gentle music ♪
Doris, please.
I'm sorry.
That's the first time you've
actually said you're sorry.
[baby Deb crying]
I--
Hey, no. I got her.
I've got her.
[shushing]
Daddy's here.
Oh.
There you go. [shushing]
♪ gentle music ♪
[Dexter]
Coral Gables?
Too many nosy geriatrics.
South Beach? Too many tourists
tanning on the sandy strands.
Biscayne Bay
would've been great,
but I didn't have a boat.
- Yet.
- [sighs]
I wish there was a Rand McNally
for body disposal.
[sighs]
Uh, these need to go
to Records, right?
Uh, sure.
Well, I can take them down.
If you think you can handle it.
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
Hey, man. What you up to?
I'll show you.
[Dexter]
Ah, our John Doe.
Boy, I'm never gonna hear
the end of that one.
That's no John Doe. Look.
See that snake ring?
It belongs to Tony Ferrer.
That hijo de puta
I told you about,
back at my cousin's restaurant.
I don't know. I mean, that ring
could've belonged to anyone.
No. No way.
I'd recognize it anywhere.
[Dexter]
You and me both.
I'm gonna file
a new evidence report.
Ferrer, he isn't just
some random bad guy.
Not to me, anyway.
I got to know what happened.
[Dexter] The last thing
I wanted to deal with
was a murder investigation
when the killer was me.
[sighs]
You know, unfortunately,
the evidence is gator shit.
And let's say that was Tony
who was fed
to the alligators. [scoffs]
Sounds like justice
was served to me.
That's the wrong kind
of justice.
You show that photo
to the family of Tony's victims,
I bet they'd think it's justice.
Instead of spending time
on a dead man,
maybe you should focus
on the cases
that actually deserve
your energy.
Like Nicky Spencer.
That kid needs all of us.
He needs you
if he's going to survive.
[sighs] Maybe you're right.
[sighs]
Thanks for talking me
off the ledge, amigo.
♪ gentle music ♪
♪
[sighs]
[Dexter]
Another bullet dodged. Barely.
Okay, great. We're on our way.
We got a hit on our BOLO.
Unis have their eyes
on a black and gold Pontiac
- with stolen plates.
- Where are we headed?
- Allapattah.
- Let's go, papi.
♪ slow, suspenseful music ♪
♪
[whimpers softly]
[scraping]
You're gonna
have to come in here
and make me eat them,
motherfucker!
[door creaking]
♪ ominous music ♪
♪
[grunting]
[clatters]
[grunting, whimpering]
Let me go! Let me go!
My father's a cop,
and he'll-- [screams]
- [screams]
- [finger crunches]
♪ slow, suspenseful music ♪
♪
[Harry]
Officer Jablonski.
You want us to come with you?
Why don't you hang back,
but be ready for our signal.
Thanks.
- There's the Pontiac.
- [Maria] Yeah.
So how do you want to play it?
Simple knock and talk.
We selling cookies
or catching a serial killer?
♪ dramatic, suspenseful music ♪
♪
What do you want?
We're detectives
with Miami Metro.
We just have a few questions
about the Pontiac
parked in the street.
What about it?
So it's yours?
Annemarie?
- [Annemarie] Yeah, Dad?
- Come here, sweetheart.
These nice officers want
to ask you about your new car.
That's yours? The black and gold
vehicle right there?
Yes, sir. Am I in trouble?
Of course not, baby girl.
How long have you had that car?
For, like, two days.
It was a sweet 16 gift
from her mother and me.
We saw it sitting on the side
of the U.S. 1.
300 bucks.
Unfortunately, we're gonna
have to impound it as evidence.
Oh, my God. Why?
We suspect it's been used
in the commission of a crime.
No wonder you hate cops.
- You don't understand--
- Keys, please.
[sighs]
Thank you.
Did you happen to get
the seller's name?
- Any information?
- Nope.
All right, well, we're gonna
need you to tell us everything
you can about the man
who sold you that vehicle.
Are you trying to arrest
my daughter
for legally buying a used car?
We're done.
[sighs]
♪ eerie music ♪
♪
[Dexter] Thought I'd brush up
and look to the greats
for solutions
to my body disposal problem.
Ed Gein, the Butcher
of Plainfield.
[Ed Gein humming]
[distorted screaming]
There's lots of uses
for a human body.
Yeah... Thanks.
David Berkowitz.
- [distorted screaming]
- [gunshots]
And then you just leave them?
[growling]
John Wayne Gacy.
♪ circus music ♪
♪
The Killer Clown of Chicago.
Buried victims
in his crawl space.
[distorted roaring]
Mm, just one problem.
What's that, pal?
My dad would kill me
if I buried my victims
under our house.
♪ eerie music ♪
My research wasn't
as enlightening as I hoped.
♪ "Shove" by L7 ♪
♪
♪ Get out of my way ♪
♪ Or I might shove ♪
♪ Or I'm gonna shove... ♪
[Coach Pino]
Here we go. Communicate.
[overlapping chatter]
You fucking bitch!
That little prank of yours
messed up my car.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
You and your greasy
little boyfriend
got sand in the engine.
It totally screwed up
my transmission.
You told her?
Well, I just, I was trying
to calm things down.
Her parents were gonna
call the cops.
You sold me out.
You're supposed to be
my best friend.
I can't take your side
all the time.
[scoffs]
Bummer, Morgan.
There goes your last friend.
You really shouldn't be captain
of a team that hates you.
At least I don't look
like Pippi Dick-sucking.
[scoffs]
[grunts]
Morgan!
My office now.
Yeah, so I gave my Reeboks
a quick pump.
Ran over to Dexter
and pulled him away
from those gator jaws of death
- in the nick of time.
- Wow, Dexter.
You're lucky Masuka was there.
Yep.
My hero.
Got to admit, Alligator Alley's
a pretty good place
to dump a body.
[Dexter]
Was a good place.
What'd be other good ways
to get rid of a body?
I mean, hypothetically.
If it's a hot girl, taxidermy.
[chuckles]
I'd invite Hannibal Lecter
over for dinner.
[Dexter] Muszynski was
never very helpful.
What about you?
I'd dump them
at a construction site.
Night before
they pour the cement.
[Dexter]
Not bad, but I'd have to wait
for a new skyscraper
for every kill.
Hey, what are you knuckleheads
talking about?
- Uh, nothing.
- We were just talking
about the best places
to hide a dead body.
Not exactly the right time
for gallows humor, is it?
Get back to work.
[pager beeping]
- You're not gonna check that?
- I don't speak beeper code.
- May I?
- Knock yourself out.
"I hate you."
Whoa, lady killer.
What's her name?
Sofia, who I think
was my girlfriend,
but now I think she might be
my ex-girlfriend.
Wait, you're paging her?
Don't worry.
I got a code that wins
over the babes every time.
[chuckles]
What'd you send?
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪
Masuka, Morgan, my office.
And close the door behind you.
- Aaron, Aaron--
- No, come on.
- That's my--
- Captain, Captain.
- Let Tanya handle it.
- You got to let me-- Come on.
Let's give them a minute
to work, okay? Come on.
♪ eerie music ♪
♪
[Dexter]
I'd come to anticipate
how violence against children
made me feel.
This was a monster
I couldn't understand,
and I needed to get him
on my kill table.
What can I do?
Just give us a minute, Morgan.
Stand by.
Visible damage to the bone.
[Vince]
Anything under the fingernail?
[Tanya]
Negative.
It looks like the finger was
severed using pruning shears.
Just like Jimmy Powell.
Could this be
the killer's blood?
[Tanya]
Uh, what'd you say?
Based on the location
and the angle of the drip,
it doesn't match
the blood inside.
[Vince]
Doesn't match?
Uh, severed fingers
tend to be messy.
[Tanya]
I mean, it's a long shot,
but any lead's worth exploring.
Let's pull both samples
so we can test.
Good eye, Dexter.
♪ tense music ♪
♪
[Dexter] I was always good at
seeing things others couldn't.
Have a drink, Aaron.
Try to be patient.
How the fuck do you do patient
in the middle of this shit?
No.
[knocking]
Come in.
[sighs]
We ran the print,
and it matches school records.
I'm sorry, sir, the finger
does belong to your son.
The methodology also matches
Jimmy Powell.
So, as we all suspected,
the cases are connected.
The perp--
What?
What is it?
I'm sorry, uh...
I'm just, I'm trying
to spare you the details.
Don't.
I want to know everything.
Whoever did this used
spring-loaded pruning shears,
based on the cut
and the trace amounts
of WD-40 that we detected.
The good news is,
we do know from the blood
that Nicky was alive
when his finger was severed.
- [sighs]
- He still is alive.
Aaron, we're gonna find him.
That's it? There's nothing else?
Unfortunately, there were
no prints to pull from the box.
No hairs or fibers to test.
But we did notice
a small spatter of blood
on the outside of the box.
It's important to understand
that the probability is low,
but there's a chance that
it could be the perp's blood.
I don't know, maybe he nicked
himself in the process.
We're running the sample
against Nicky's.
It could give us a blood type
to compare against any suspects
brought in, ultimately
narrow down our leads.
That's great work, Tanya.
Actually, it was Dexter
who noticed the spatter.
Your boy.
[chuckles softly]
When will we get
the blood test results?
We're expediting the labs.
We should have them
first thing in the morning.
Thank you, Tanya.
Of course.
- Thank you.
- [door opens]
We're doing everything we can.
- [door closes]
- Do more.
Absolutely.
- What's this?
- The Pontiac is registered
to a Paul Petrie in Tampa.
So what's our move, Detective?
I think the element of surprise
- is in our favor.
- Hmm.
Don't want to tip Petrie off
that we're on to him.
Agreed.
Tampa's about 280 miles away.
Usually takes about four hours
to get there.
- I can do it in three.
- [scoffs]
Road trip mañana?
Sounds good.
♪ Come on and take a free ride ♪
♪ Come on
and take a free ride ♪
[horn honks]
♪ ominous music ♪
♪
Get in.
Sure, I'll just drop
these inside.
Leave them.
[engine starts]
[car door closes]
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
Where are we?
Follow me.
Take off your clothes.
♪
Laura Moser,
meet Hector Estrada.
100 laps a day
maintains discipline
and unclouds one's vision.
Do you swim, Laura?
Um, sometimes.
Join me.
Apologies,
but in my line of work,
I find it is the safest way
to know who I can trust.
I'm impressed on how you've been
able to expand your clientele.
Very enterprising.
Thank you.
Most are happy to remain
in the middle ranks, but you,
you have a... a hunger.
What is it that drives you?
My family.
I want to provide
a comfortable life for them.
Brian and, um... What is it?
Oh, yes, Dexter.
Interesting name.
Family is a noble cause,
but if comfort is what you seek,
there are many other ways
to provide
that are far less treacherous.
I want more than just...
comfort.
I want... this.
Anything and everything
at the drop of a hat.
I'm expanding my territory
to the Northeast.
There's a large shipment
going out next Tuesday.
I'd like you
to be at the shipyard
to learn more
about the operation.
Thank you, Mr. Estrada.
Will you be there?
I-I just
know I could learn a lot
from you.
We will see each other soon.
It was a pleasure
to finally meet you, Laura.
The pleasure's mine,
Mr. Estrada.
Keep an eye on her.
♪ percussive music ♪
[Dexter] I couldn't stop
thinking of Nicky, locked away,
alone, scared.
[pager beeps]
[sighs]
Hmm. Don't need help
translating that one.
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪
The severed body part.
A hesitation cut.
No hesitation cut
on Jimmy's finger.
I hoped when the blood test
came back in the morning,
it'd be the missing puzzle piece
I needed.
- Hey.
- [knocks]
How come you're not at practice?
Got kicked off the team
and suspended from school.
Whoa, back up. T-Tell me
everything that happened.
Not much to tell.
Tiffany was talking shit.
She shoved me,
so I punched her in the face.
I didn't raise my daughter
to solve problems with violence.
Little late for that.
What about the scholarship, huh?
I mean, doesn't the-the scout
need to see you at the playoffs?
Maybe team sports aren't for me.
That scholarship is the
only way I can send you to FSU.
[pops lips]
Then maybe I won't go.
Guess I have a lot
of thinking to do.
And I'm gonna do that thinking
at Gio's.
- Don't wait up.
- Hey.
You go out that door,
you're grounded.
So what you're saying is,
if I leave this house,
I can't leave this house.
Good one, Dad.
[door slams]
[sighs]
Hey. Where you off to?
Anywhere Dad isn't.
He threw a hissy fit because
I punched Tiffany in the face.
For?
For being
a fucking colostomy bag.
How much trouble are you in?
With Dad, grounded.
With school, suspended
and kicked off the team.
♪ slow, gentle music ♪
All in all, not my best day.
You want some advice
for next time?
Sure.
Don't get caught.
Great.
Thanks, asshole.
♪ I can't believe
the way I feel ♪
- Later, Dex.
- ♪ It's such a rush ♪
♪ Just being with you ♪
♪ We're driving
in the rush hour ♪
♪ Ooh, you send me ♪
♪ You take me to the rush hour ♪
♪ slow, pensive music ♪
[Dexter] The only thing that
could pull me from my to-do list
was helping take down
this child killer.
What was the captain doing
at my desk
so early in the morning?
It's a damn shame
your theory didn't pan out.
Same blood type.
You know,
statistically speaking,
34% of people are A-positive.
So the killer could just have
the same blood type as Nicky.
Hmm. That's true.
My boy's running out of time.
Actually, I, uh,
found something else.
I noticed a small hesitation cut
on Nicky's finger,
but not on Jimmy Powell's.
- What do you think that means?
- Not sure yet.
But off the top of my head,
it could be the work of, uh,
an inexperienced
or nervous cartel member.
- Hmm.
- Or maybe even
someone who feels some kind
of connection to Nicky.
I thank you
for everything you're doing
to try to help Nicky.
- Ouch.
- Hmm?
Oh, yeah.
This is what I get
for trying to fix
the air conditioner
in my shitty apartment.
I haven't been able
to sleep very well lately.
If you have any other theories
that could help me find out
who did this to Nicky,
come to me directly.
♪ dramatic music ♪
[Dexter] Doesn't match
the blood inside.
Small hesitation cut
on Nicky's finger,
but not on Jimmy Powell's.
Someone who feels some kind of
connection to Nicky.
♪
How had I not seen this before?
I suddenly realized
I might need
a new victim dumping ground
even sooner than I thought.
[scanner beeps]
[buttons beeping]
[printer whirring]
[scanner beeps]
[buttons beeping]
[printer whirring]
[beeping continues]
[Muzak playing]
♪ dark music ♪
Hmm. These are really popular.
They any good?
My kid loves 'em.
[printer whirring]
♪
♪ atmospheric music ♪